Improved semantics in Readme for better readibility. (#316)
ory/dockertest: README.md

### Examples

> We have provided code examples for well known services in the [examples](examples/) directory, check them out!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide code examples for well known services in the [examples](examples/) directory, check them out!
```
